style: apply /style-guide pass to sandboxes (#2668)
wandb/docs: sandboxes/invoke-agent-sandbox-tutorial.mdx

---
title: "Tutorial: Invoke an agent in a sandbox"
description: "Learn how to invoke an OpenAI agent within a Serverless Sandbox environment"

> keywords: ["tool calls", "OPENAI_API_KEY", "AI agent execution", "function calling"]

Reviewer: These keywords are not specific to the product, page. Removing them. Not sold on what I propose, but it's closer to the right direction.

```suggestion
keywords: ["tutorial", "invoke agent in sandbox"]
```

Author: Applied in 1159ffaa8.

---

<Warning>
Serverless Sandboxes is in public preview.
</Warning>

> In this tutorial, you invoke an agent within a Serverless Sandbox environment. To do this, you start a sandbox with the appropriate environment variables, install the necessary dependencies, and run a Python script. The script creates and invokes an OpenAI agent that uses tool calls to get the weather for a location and respond with a punny weather forecast. This lets you test and iterate on agent behavior in a safe, isolated environment without affecting your local setup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this tutorial, you invoke an agent in a W&B Serverless Sandbox. You start a sandbox with the required environment variables, install dependencies, and run a Python script that creates and invokes a simple OpenAI agent. The agent uses tool calls to get weather for a location and return a punny forecast.
```

Author: Applied in 1159ffaa8.

<Note>
This tutorial uses OpenAI as the language model for the agent, which requires an OpenAI API key.
</Note>
    

> {/* This lets you test and iterate on your agent's behavior in a safe and isolated environment, without affecting your local setup. */}

Reviewer: For future iterations: Ignore markdown comments

Author: Reverted the comment to its original wording in 1159ffaa8, so this PR no longer touches markdown comments.

### Store API keys in Secret Manager

Store your OpenAI API key in the [W&B Secret Manager](/platform/secrets) as `OPENAI_API_KEY`. For more information about using secrets in sandboxes, see [Secrets](/sandboxes/secrets).

This lets you securely access the API key in the sandbox without hardcoding it in your code or sandbox configuration.

## Copy agent code

With your prerequisites in place, save the agent code locally so you can run it inside a sandbox. The script defines an OpenAI agent with two tools and a structured response format.

<Accordion title="OpenAI agent code">

> Copy and paste the following code into a file named `demo.py` in the same directory as this tutorial. The script defines an OpenAI agent that uses tool calls to fetch weather data and respond with a punny forecast.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Copy the following code into a file named `demo.py` in the same directory as this tutorial. Then, run the previous code snippet to invoke an OpenAI agent in a sandbox.
```

Weird that it repeated the "...punny forecast" bit.

Author: Applied in 1159ffaa8, including removing the duplicated punny-forecast sentence.
